we what we encounter conditions and
people who means what who need those
conditions that that that that image
that constructed to have a what reality
looks like you now pull that in to your
hologram because that's how you're going
to support it which is what I talked
about with the story left for those of
you who don't know I'll just stir that
up a little bit we talked about story
lines and the fact that everybody has a
base story line that you're operating on
and you're building your life based on
that base story line and when that said
it was bringing an understanding to the
fact that when we talk about the fact
that our needs are being met and that we
are always in abundance I brought that
around the show that it wasn't just
thought that your needs really are being
met it's just you have to be defined
what your needs are because you're
meeting the needs of your story
everything you need to meet the
conditions of what your storyline is is
available to you and everything is an
abundance everything and I talked about
an abundance of poverty and abundance of
bad relationships so someone that you
really are in abundance
look at that I was like no wonder I'm
always broke I have too much of this
going on I got my ample amount of it so
now do you have to like change that
whole thing because that's where all
you're so excited
now why is that significant because it
will save money because that's always a
big thing what is it that maybe you're
not rich you might not have that kind of
money because if you had it it would
affect your storyline because your story
don't offer all that money and if you
have a lot of money is because your
story calls for it and you got all this
other stuff that's what we have to start
seeing don't you your story only calls
for what you need according to what that
base storyline is if you can use that
you can't let go you're gonna be
attracting everything you need to keep
that story going as to what I'm not
doing what you're not doing for that
personhood or whatever it is and your
old life and all the choices that you
make in your life it's based on that
down to the very career that you will
choose down to what you will do for what
you thought
a living will be based on all of those
conditions because everything must line
up to meet what your needs are to
support store them so now you just gotta
figure out what that
this base storyline and when we did the
work the workshop I did stop and I had
people look and amenity but everybody
was able to go oh my god this is what
I've been doing this is what it is this
is what I've been doing so how do I get
off this wheel that's how I ended up
doing part two is how and it's so pretty
this this game to me is so profound is
so fascinating that I get tickled and
pissed at it like all at the same time
I'm happy in the night though because
now I have to try to figure out what
they have to do you how to move beyond
this and then it's not just that you
figured it out you okay now you figure
it out but remember what I said you have
a model of reality that you have been
living by so what has to happen now it
has to get torn down and that's the part
that's a challenge because now you have
to ride it out you gotta wait for it to
sometimes it might take a little while
so that if I thought this it's up to you
it's the interference patterns that
we've talked about these classes you run
interference
oh yeah I know it's changing oh no I
don't know what should I do and then you
dip in and start doing all kinds of
stuff then you then then you slow up to
change so then you decide to stop again
so then you art it so it seems like it's
taken a lot you gotta be able to walk
walk that fling
so you got to be a